I
and it's turned into just an amazing
journey and and I will tell you that
without my best friend and my partner
and my beautiful wife thursday's I just
don't know that the energy level would
have stayed where it needed to state to
continue this we're going to affect I
think well over 300 jobs in the local
community and everyone here starting
with you know hbl is Tacoma based be an
RFP olive based RPG is ban away based I
can almost run to their office and John
Graves is Tacoma based and all of our
subs that are intricately involved
they're all local people so it's just a
real pleasure to be able to internet all
of this talent and get all this energy
back into the community in a time when
we're all knowing that you just gotta
hang in there and you just got to keep
moving forward because all of this
that's behind us is going to come back
we all know it will history is going to
repeat itself so we're just feeling
really honored that we can be a part of
something that this is this great that
positively affects so many people and
the community itself the span of a
parklet we're reaching out to Olympia
reaching the bremerton federal way
Auburn North Bend I mean we're reaching
all around the community so we're
looking to enhance those people's lives
and owned in a man cave if you guys look
over to the top of the dump truck in
between the dump truck and the track hoe
there's a very large tree standing and
we get to watch it fall down tick tick
timber
you